Excellent work on finishing up this case study!
You completed all major portions of the data analytics pipeline when working in Power BI.
You went from checking and exploring the data initially to identifying insights in the data science job market.
You built an interactive dashboard for DataSearch to use in their future recruiting!
This final dashboard now helps with communicating your insights.
DataSearch recruiters can now easily explore data science jobs to
better inform their clients on the most needed roles, skills and companies!
The next step would be to share our dashboard with DataSearch via the Power BI service.
Power BI Service is accessible via a web browser and would
allow the employees of DataSearch to access the dashboard securely.
Power BI Service is not available for this case study, so this is beyond its scope.
Congratulations again on completing this case study.
There is a lot more discover in Power BI with Power Query and DAX.
Power Query is a powerful tool for cleaning data, such as combining or splitting columns.
DAX is great at creating new columns, tables and measures that better align with your needs and KPIs.
You only scratched the surface of these two tools, and there is a lot more to discover in Power BI.
Now, get out there and use your newly-learned Power BI skills!